so you make the short course argument
you make it three students find you in
enroll in that class now you'd actually
started to build in audience you know me
allows you to use bonus lecture at the
end you're not allowed to send
promotional announcements to a free
class usually said education
announcements which allowed to have a
bonus lecture at the end were you market
some of the other classes in so the
students are enrolled in this 30 minute
class that you had not got a chance to
learn about your teaching style they got
it got the chance to learn whether you
know whether you're what you're talking
about her not to decide if they like you
or not they also now know about your
profile they know that you exist
into another you got the opportunity
they can find some of your other he'd
forces another route that you can go is
it you're getting good engagement you
getting good reviews on this thirty
minutes you can start seeing where you
moving up in the rankings with this your
free class you can add some more
material to it
make it make it a little bit longer make
it more interesting and you can switch
from the free class declassify rights
and then see where you can roll with
that you gotta feeling because I mean
you gotta be you gotta have some clear
objectives in mind you gotta pay
attention to the date of your gathering
on their class some people will fall
into the trap of logic last 30 mins
they're so excited I got 600 students to
enroll in polls right away they switch
it to pay in the enrollments dry up and
people said what happened nobody setting
up for my class anymore so you have to
understand how to use this strategy
properly but it is a strategy that can
be a viable strategy in it you probably
I'm telling you I'm using the same type
of strategy because for me to try to
claw my way to the top
somebody's technology courses der
instructors that are so well-established
right now I gotta do something like I
was saying to do this end-run around
in the able to get any type of
visibility all that I launched I
launched shirt introduction my original
intention to have this cool I might be
website for you if they gave me their
email address them emotional call to
access free and to have a time and
Udinese paid course that was my original
plan but then I decided I was going to
take this put it on YouTube and see what
happens organically I had two thousand
and I had 50 yard between four and five
star reviews and just before Black
Friday I course was number one in its
category I clipped to I added extra
material I clicked to pay costs for
Black Friday which was perfect timing
couldn't be a better time and it really
works that course is still number one in
its category now what I found walls you
know when I look at other courses in the
category of some of them have more
students with their lower down they also
have more racing and their lower down
but what I found is compared to some of
the other courses that I have unusually
these two thousand people that actually
took the course for free because I
didn't like it and they're not just
freeloaders they all kind of research
they search for this particular category
they had interest so they actually
engaged with they do not so you know I'm
not the Mesozoic spirit I definitely
wouldn't even try pretend I know
anything about SEO on you to me but I
think that engagement and how many
minutes do you know the completion rate
is huge on ratings on your YouTube from
my own more than 2,000 uses that
actually took my course I would at least
50% and started which is a huge amount
for free people to have started it and I
would say forty percent 40% of the whole
2008 actually completed the course which
is real it you know I know myself my own
website I people pay for courses that
they've needed for CPD and everything
started
the pay me 200 or so to see this sort of
great I knew I was on to a winner what I
knew I wasn't a winner you know with the
way I was going and other material and I
see it and that seems to have worked for
me on youtube and I just want to check
in with Paula here we're at almost 10
minutes after the hours I just want to
give some indication yet
ok go ahead john is and it's actually
good that you took the time to
participate here and you know to jump on
an ester questions because it's gonna
set you up so much better there's so
many people who don't care whether it's
you to me are the different platform I
don't care whether you're doing a
digital information prior to launch any
other business there's so many people
who will jump into this great business
idea without having asked questions are
having done the research hunt like me
hey I mean I'm guilty of it I can speak
from experience I know what happens
right now there's so many people will do
this and then the results are there hard
it's hard to start out that way in so
doing here is you're giving yourself the
opportunity to learn from others
experiences in to save your bitch save
yourself a bit of that property is gonna
be challenges till I promise you there
will be challenges
mentioned about just do a short course
I get that same advice to people the
first course I did I thought I pick the
easiest topic I could pick it probably
was easy but I had to go and I honestly
the pressure of those elections that I
did are quite poor like it's it's kind
of embarrassing actually the whole
learning curve I don't know what your
plan you got a headset with the
microphone right now I don't you gonna
plan to record your courses used their
heads had so many people did you learn
about introducing the course you're
gonna have your challenges I promise
I'll give you all the answers and saved
all the hard work you've done something
though to start getting some ideas I'm
strategy of how you can approaching here
so that you'll get yourself so far into
it in then you just get punched in the
gut you have all the huge said so it's
great that you came out it's great that
you guessed it probably is gonna take
you I'll let your research telling you
to be able to process your gonna you
know what you're gonna do it and take it
from there so they were taken to see and
China a ton of success thank you very
much thank you and happy Christmas
Christmas but they come on john has
anybody else is interested in taking a
seat here John you connect their egos
he's just you could be here for another
10 minutes or so I'm glad that I didn't
unlock this year I'm glad that I was
able to take advantage of having a
chance to ask her questions also anybody
who is interested in you ought to be
able to ask your question directly and
get some feedback will welcome you get a
chance to you
you know ask whether it's me or ask
Teresa Teresa follow the question